This feeling of going back on your word and being played
Not feeling good
Do you personally think you are amazing?
You're just relying on the number of people
Kind of give me a call
Can I kill you with anyone?
Can you make a phone call?
Linlang can't give him the phone.
The Zhao family is the local emperor of Jiangcheng
Once you give him the phone
We're done
Hmph look
It's a sheep. It has vision.
I suggest you kneel down and apologize to me
Then let me go
You can let my dad save your life
otherwise
Zhao Kai is dying, and you are still stubborn
Don't say it's you
Even you
The entire Zhao family is in front of the eldest sister
Just a character
Chu Yang, don't worry.
You have my energy
Enough to ensure that you and Yaoyao are not hurt by anyone
Want to call
Okay, that depends on your own skills.
Don't you like Fo Tan very much?
How about this?
How many coals can you count in this pot?
I'll let you make this call
123 Who made you so miserable?
Give me piece by piece and take it out and say
Women are not easy, right?
Anyway, the opportunity has been given to you
Whether or not it's your own business
Since Mr. Zhao is unwilling
Then you can continue to play with him
I don't say don't say don't say don't say don't say